[Music]
happy Wow it's kind of like fuzzy the
texture I thought it was going to be
right
currently plastic it's not ooh the cable
is fabric you like it it's supposed to
be very easy to set up so I'm just gonna
tap my phone oh there it is setup where
are we we are office home power with
Apple music this has actually been a
very popular question Sarah you are so
into the Apple ecosystem why you still
use Spotify well a Spotify has learned
me all of my playlists are amazing the
discover weekly my daily mixes they're
tight they know me I know the interface
in and out and Apple will slow to the
game with Apple music but I hear that
you know they're curating playlists
they're trying to like hop on that life
this is huge I'm actually going to
subscribe to Apple music I'm gonna give
them a chance I'm not deleting my
Spotify you can play Spotify via airplay
on the home line but let's subscribe
let's do this allow anyone to use this
home pod to send and read messages add
reminders create notes and it's
connected to the same Wi-Fi network hey
Siri send the boy a text message what do
you want to say hi John I'm sending this
to you on my home pod exclamation point
your message to the boy red heart says
yes oh my goodness it works who dad girl
hey Siri tell her I'm busy
yeah Wow the only problem with these
personal requests is it doesn't
recognize my voice it's not unique to
anything so hey Siri send Jeannie a
message I hate you I send immediately
send it yes immediately fast yeah sorry
I don't know what you mean yes how do
you feel about that oh no my mom thinks
I hate her
did you know that we're living in the
future
whoa transfer settings hi I'm Siri
welcome to home pod you can't tell but
I'm waving to get my attention say hey
Siri let's try it say hey Siri what can
you do
hey Siri what can you do I can do lots
of things like turn on the lights give
you a news update and tell you about the
weather hey Siri play some music here's
a personal radio station built just for
you starting with postive alone
destroyed because I call
[Music]
that base though okay so this is my
first time opening up the Apple music
app let's see now playing oh it doesn't
recognize what CFO recognized hey Siri
play are Spain on my assistant
hey Siri volume down do man we had
everything has so many battles being
ugly girls sip you can turn it up
[Music]
hey Siri play the number one song on the
charts okay let's hear God's plan bye
drink classic lot of bad things are they
alright well we're gonna plug in this
here smart plug alright let's see if we
can find a slot in this mess of plugs
over here so we're plugged in I first
will do it yeah hi home up oh my oh okay
okay oh it's already in there perfect
hey Siri turn neon lights on got got
[Music]
oh okay that's sick this was a problem
okay but a light dimmer it really didn't
work I tried to buy just a light
switcher and it didn't work because the
way you turn my neon sign on and off is
you basically unplug and plug it and how
I have all of my outlet set up is in
this giant box so basically it hides all
the cables with this top and it makes it
look nice over here so that means every
time I want to turn on and off the neon
sign I would have to undo that box go in
those cables and unplug and this solves
everything
who knew that all I needed was a home
pod and a smart plug it's time to head
back to the apartment because I'm
actually doing several things I might be
painting a couple more walls which was
very excited about but I'm bringing the
home hot with me and a lot of other
stuff to the apartment so we can jam out
to some music I can get used to the home
pod share a little bit more insight
about Apple music and my experience with
this thing and also shout out to Oh a
language for always supporting the
Peachy fam and sponsoring this video
recently I was out of town for a month
and a half and I ran out of space my
luggage so I actually went to the LA
pop-up shop I might be obsessed pretty
stoked
we very obviously love these they're
reliable and they allow you to travel in
style my traveling anyways both sizes of
carry-ons can charge your phones tablets
anything that can be powered via USB and
you can charge your iPhone up to five
times on one charge
oay also offers a lifetime guarantee so
if anything goes wrong they'll fix it or
they will replace it away is hooking up
the PG Sam with a $20 off code you
should go to away travel
/ sarah and enter the code sarah at
checkout and get this if you buy a
carry-on and a medium luggage you get an
additional $50 off on top of my $20 off
code I mean I should use my discount for
LA
[Music]
Alexa play like I do by David Guetta
like I do by David Guetta from Spotify I
played it from Spotify and not Amazon
music weird that's good
[Music]
Wow
so I don't notice it until I go from the
Alexa to the home pot the home pot is
much more clear the base is more clear
the instruments sound were separated the
bass is bumpin but the Alexa the LexA
doesn't sound terrible so if you're not
an audiophile if you already have an
Alexa I would definitely recommend the
echo Plus but if you're looking for a
good speaker that plays all of your
audio content and you want it to be
top-notch
definitely hump on last week I painted
this wall gray but I'm starting to look
at my apartment and I want all of the
walls on this side to be gray so I'm
painting two more walls gray gonna get
some eh done and Jim to music along the
way John got this for me it's a candle
that is a moccasin so this is the fresh
Macbook scent when you open up a new
computer for Apple you know I don't I
don't know if it's true but it sounds
really good home pots still think that's
playing Drake on music it's churches so
there's a lack of communication between
the music app and the home pot it's
almost like they're two independent
things it's weird I've been running into
this issue a lot
hey Siri play the most recent 10 Ferriss
podcast okay here's the newest episode
of the first ten years podcast series
episode 11 I didn't ask for that the
tenth Ferriss podcast playing podcast
the Tim Ferriss show so you have this
attitude I can write I found that on
Apple music the discoverability of new
artists and new songs is a little bit
harder when you click on artists let's
say Paramore I like that the top songs
are easy to access you know you have ten
right here you know the album's top
videos different playlists very chunky
graphics I get it fills up the whole
phone and then about an in similar
artists on here I like that they have
similar artists on Spotify you only have
two top five songs I like on music how
you have the top ten but almost
immediately you have the related artists
right here that you can click and scroll
via that I like that that's quicker
because that's how I find a lot of bands
that I like the super similar ones and
that feature is buried down below and
music and Spotify has a very much less
visual design when it comes to all the
information about the artist but it
allows them to fit in a lot more stuff
so you have top hits artists tour albums
singles very like close to each other
it's very quick to access maybe it's
just because I'm used to it that I like
it more maybe I'll get used to Apple
music just my opinion the Spotify
recently just added a voice feature I'm
on airplay right now to the home pod so
let's see if I press that microphone on
my iPhone and it'll translate to the
home pod I hope I hope it will
play - cover weekly there you go so
there is a perfect solution with voice
it's easier when you can access it just
by saying but now you can use voice of
Spotify in conjunction with your home
pod so you can play anything via airplay
and it's just a fantastic speaker I
think that's how you got a look at the
home pod it sounds so good I know you
guys have probably already seen videos
of people saying it sounds like that's
the thing that is the home pod thing it
sounds amazing
[Music]
one big apple music I'm definitely going
to keep playing around with it and guys
make sure to check out the link in the
description below for $20 off in a way
luggage thank you guys so much for
tuning in let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
and on Tom next time guys stay peachy
okay why
[Music]